apps/openmemory/README.md, before:

# OpenMemory Container Image

This directory contains the Dockerfile for building OpenMemory container images.

## About OpenMemory

OpenMemory is an open-source cognitive memory engine that adds long-term memory to AI systems. It provides persistent memory with multi-sector cognitive structure, enabling AI systems to maintain context across conversations.

- **Upstream Repository**: https://github.com/CaviraOSS/OpenMemory
- **Documentation**: https://openmemory.cavira.app/

## Image Details

- **Registry**: `ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory`
- **Port**: 8080
- **User**: Non-root (UID/GID 1001)
- **Data Directory**: `/app/data` (for SQLite database)
- **Health Check**: HTTP GET on `/health` endpoint

## Building

The image is automatically built when changes are pushed to this directory or manually triggered via GitHub Actions workflow dispatch.

To build manually:

```bash
docker build -t ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory:latest .
```

To build a specific OpenMemory version:

```bash
docker build --build-arg OPENMEMORY_VERSION=v1.0.0 -t ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory:v1.0.0 .
```

## Running

Basic usage:

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v openmemory-data:/app/data \
  -e OM_API_KEY=your-secret-api-key \
  ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory:latest
```

## Environment Variables

See the [official documentation](https://openmemory.cavira.app/docs/installation) for a complete list of environment variables.

Key variables:
- `OM_API_KEY`: API key for authentication (required)
- `OM_PORT`: Server port (default: 8080)
- `OM_METADATA_BACKEND`: Backend type (sqlite/postgres)
- `OM_VECTOR_BACKEND`: Vector storage (sqlite/pgvector/weaviate)
- `OM_DB_PATH`: SQLite database path (default: ./data/openmemory.sqlite)
- `OM_EMBEDDINGS`: Embedding provider (openai/gemini/ollama/local)

## Automatic Builds

This image is automatically rebuilt when:
- Changes are made to files in this directory
- A new OpenMemory release is published (via scheduled workflow)
- Manually triggered via GitHub Actions

The `watch-upstream-releases` workflow checks for new OpenMemory releases daily and triggers a rebuild if a new version is detected.

Commit message:

feat(openmemory): add version tracking and enhanced image tagging
- Add VERSION file tracking current OpenMemory release (1.2.1)
- Auto-update VERSION file when new releases are detected
- Add semantic versioning tags (1.2.1, 1.2, 1) for easier version pinning
- Add version labels to Docker image for better tracking
- Update README with version management documentation

The VERSION file makes it easy to see which OpenMemory version is
currently being built, and the workflow automatically updates it when
new releases are detected.

Image tags now include:
- latest (always newest)
- 1.2.1 (exact version)
- 1.2 (minor version)
- 1 (major version)

apps/openmemory/README.md, after:

# OpenMemory Container Image

This directory contains the Dockerfile for building OpenMemory container images.

## About OpenMemory

OpenMemory is an open-source cognitive memory engine that adds long-term memory to AI systems. It provides persistent memory with multi-sector cognitive structure, enabling AI systems to maintain context across conversations.

- **Upstream Repository**: https://github.com/CaviraOSS/OpenMemory
- **Documentation**: https://openmemory.cavira.app/

## Version Management

This container image **mirrors OpenMemory's versioning exactly**:
- The `VERSION` file in this directory tracks the current OpenMemory release
- Container images are tagged with OpenMemory's version numbers (e.g., `1.2.1`)
- The automated workflow checks daily for new OpenMemory releases and rebuilds automatically

**Current Version**: See [VERSION](./VERSION) file

## Image Details

- **Registry**: `ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory`
- **Port**: 8080
- **User**: Non-root (UID/GID 1001)
- **Data Directory**: `/app/data` (for SQLite database)
- **Health Check**: HTTP GET on `/health` endpoint

## Available Tags

- `latest` - Always points to the latest OpenMemory release
- `1.2.1`, `1.2.0`, etc. - Specific OpenMemory versions
- `1.2`, `1` - Major.minor and major version tags (follows semantic versioning)

## Building

The image is automatically built when changes are pushed to this directory or manually triggered via GitHub Actions workflow dispatch.

To build manually:

```bash
docker build -t ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory:latest .
```

To build a specific OpenMemory version:

```bash
docker build --build-arg OPENMEMORY_VERSION=v1.0.0 -t ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory:v1.0.0 .
```

## Running

Basic usage:

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v openmemory-data:/app/data \
  -e OM_API_KEY=your-secret-api-key \
  ghcr.io/lukeevainstech/openmemory:latest
```

## Environment Variables

See the [official documentation](https://openmemory.cavira.app/docs/installation) for a complete list of environment variables.

Key variables:
- `OM_API_KEY`: API key for authentication (required)
- `OM_PORT`: Server port (default: 8080)
- `OM_METADATA_BACKEND`: Backend type (sqlite/postgres)
- `OM_VECTOR_BACKEND`: Vector storage (sqlite/pgvector/weaviate)
- `OM_DB_PATH`: SQLite database path (default: ./data/openmemory.sqlite)
- `OM_EMBEDDINGS`: Embedding provider (openai/gemini/ollama/local)

## Automatic Builds

This image is automatically rebuilt when:
- Changes are made to files in this directory
- A new OpenMemory release is published (via scheduled workflow)
- Manually triggered via GitHub Actions

The `watch-upstream-releases` workflow checks for new OpenMemory releases daily and triggers a rebuild if a new version is detected.
